oh my god all right let me give you some
context the story is not just about how
we convince an Olympic medalist to
perform the stunt with us but in fact
this story with 18 months in the making
this is Darren he's never really been
into extreme sports especially once
involving high arrive lies and
double-arrow yeah I will hello hello all
right god damn it oh dude I'll have to
say nothing about it [ __ ] yeah never
jumped off a cliff
no I've never jumped off a cliff and now
I'm doing it dude this is stuff that you
started to have it this is really stuff
I can't even like I need that
[Music]
eleven months ago we also found out that
his backflipping skills are quite
legendary respectless I'm about to be my
first sex have you ever been on the
pebbly no I've never been on a
trampoline not much was this one better
yeah we were halfway so you're laning
with your head first
Darrin has been pushing his limits month
after but this time we decided to top it
all off and finally help him prove to
the world that his fear of heights was
in fact just a myth now to make this as
epic as it deserves to be we called up
our friend Sam dormant the Olympic
silver medalist at Rio & sinker diving
to be Darren's diving coach for the
stunts do you want to jump out of a
helicopter into the ocean and have the
most epic stunts yeah I think it won't
be the best experience of my life
happier that would perfect alright we're
going to work on it and I'll keep you
updated but we'll see you on Friday
as their shark Center yeah but they're
not sending their like maybe Eclipse a
white sharks and every month ends up in
Malibu
everybody okay I mean I'm a common item
in here right he's a great way and this
is a dance on it jumping from a
helicopter sure we're going to the
airport to pick up stem Darrin's new
synchro partner Darrin is very excited
to learn the ropes of what it means to
be an Olympian right then right
he's Hilda excited he's a very energetic
positive dude yeah he gave me a
shout-out in Rio didn't you hear him at
the side to put it on he said when he
was getting silver that's one person I
need to think
the mark can do
oh my god Oh walk into room we have
arrived
Oh
oh yes 10 has a senator gipson I come
bear and get Oh get the bacon suits take
it so much done amazing yes oh thank you
oh I'll be right back Baroness is he
wearing a speedo oh my god oh yeah
you've never been more ready than I
exactly but is back with everyday it's
not really a back with cousin then
lenses first back to lapel I think I got
a day yeah we're about to get this
[Music]
turn your best new bands and said you're
gonna use that bounce to it's like a
trampoline
[Music]
I'm gonna use your head are you trying
it again I'm sure that's gonna hurt
tomorrow oh my god literally guys yeah
let's all right Oliva yeah no phone no
it's totally fine
all right you gotta jump stepper boy
you're gonna be either going in
their name it like football don't bend
your body okay can we work on it off he
refers to the he lands on a chair yeah
he should be okay all right yeah I don't
want to have any commitment and
commitment baby arch your back
now look you can't look anywhere else
there the only way you can look at back
why do you see the water you're going to
be happy
there you go once you start looking that
gift submit all the way
there are you better
Raising Arizona he maybe was again
overdue you guys are like good boy do
this and you make a chest plushie granny
comment it Oh God how far can be good
I'm gonna try there we go here I'll help
you Oh Oh go to our left ready
and what today
Oh how we feelin fam here are you ready
oh my adrenaline is making me ready so
we ready alright good luck dear why not
do it but to do it
[Music]
gonna be cold we're going to be there
and we got any last words believe in
your dreams there we go very sad
[Music]
Wow
you
[Music]
then
Oh
[Music]
[ __ ] you don't have to say your name via
the paper Oh
Oh Batman thing the world ain't all
sunshine and rainbows it's a very mean
and nasty place but I don't care how
tough you are it will beat you to your
knees and keep you there permanently if
you let it you you're nobody
I'm gonna hit as hard as life
[Music]
there
is
fire very we didn't land on our charters
okay Oh Daniel oh there we go yeah my
mentor leaving your dream leave in your
dreams
there's reason emotion we like you can
do anything you say you want anything
anything you learn to battle today
next thing you know we're jumping on a
helicopter all right hit it
can't hear that all right hi hello good
morning good afternoon good night
wherever you are I hope you enjoy this
extremely overhype video of how I
conquered my fear pipe which Jesus
Christ only today now I'm learning that
it's not actually 30 feet cause I
completed a helicopter that wasn't even
as high as I wanted to be but regardless
it was a one and a half year journey
that I never of some discomfort that I
never even thought that I had because I
was never exposed to heights of a ship
which I lived in the city but um I think
what I want to ask everyone is that how
you conquered something that you didn't
know that was there and what helps you
you know smash that like button ah don't
do that just if you like the video
that's cool I think it's a great video
I've seen I've yet to see it yet but you
know I'm sure it will be glorious and
you know subscribing for the next
adventure where I jump into the
stratosphere
[Music]